Docs IA 2.0: Move Edge Runtime information to API reference (#79152)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/05-api-reference/03-file-conventions/middleware.mdx

## Runtime

> Middleware only supports the [Edge runtime](/docs/app/api-reference/edge). The Node.js runtime cannot be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Middleware uses [Edge runtime](/docs/app/api-reference/edge) by default. If you do not want this, you can use the [full Node.js runtime](/blog/next-15-2#nodejs-middleware-experimental) to run Middleware.
```
